Restore SA-MP objects list (#426)
openmultiplayer/web: docs/scripting/resources/samp_objects.md

---
title: SAMP Objects

> description: This page has the information about the objects added in SA-MP

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: This page contains a list of the custom objects added by SA-MP.
```

> sidebar_label: SAMP Objects

Reviewer: ```suggestion
sidebar_label: SA-MP Objects
```

---

:::info

> List of all objects  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Unnecessary as the page title already tells you this.
